[DOCS-7243] updating source code integration (#21860)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/integrations/guide/source-code-integration.md

```

[1]: https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-ci/tree/master/src/commands/git-metadata
{{% /tab %}}

> {{% tab "Gitlab" %}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{% tab "GitLab" %}}
```

> To link telemetry to your source code, you can upload your repository metadata with the [`datadog-ci git-metadata upload`][2] command. When you run `datadog-ci git-metadata upload` within a Git repository, Datadog receives the repository URL, the commit SHA of the current branch, and a list of tracked file paths. Run this command for every commit that you need to be synchronized with Datadog. If you are using [gitlab.com][1], this will also allow you to see inline code snippets in [Error Tracking][3], [Continuous Profiler][4], [Serverless Monitoring][5], [CI Visibility][6], and [Application Security Monitoring][7].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To link telemetry with your source code, upload your repository metadata with the [`datadog-ci git-metadata upload`][2] command. When you run `datadog-ci git-metadata upload` within a Git repository, Datadog receives the repository URL, the commit SHA of the current branch, and a list of tracked file paths. Run this command for every commit you need to be synchronized with Datadog. If you are using [gitlab.com][1], this also allows you to see inline code snippets in [Error Tracking][3], [Continuous Profiler][4], [Serverless Monitoring][5], [CI Visibility][6], and [Application Security Monitoring][7].
```
